{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1668
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800\vieww14140\viewh10580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li701\fi-702\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\fs48 About iTunes
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li727\fi-8\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 iTunes is the easiest way to enjoy your favorite music, movies, TV shows, and more on your PC.\
\
iTunes is also home to Apple Music, where you can listen to over 50 million songs and your entire music library\'97ad-free with zero commercials. Plus, download your favorite music to listen without Wi-Fi. Try it free with no commitment, and cancel anytime.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 What\'92s new in iTunes
\fs28 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li718\fi-3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This update includes minor app and performance improvements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li718\fi-3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 iTunes requirements
\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Hardware:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx719\tx736\tx962\tx1116\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li966\fi-247\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}PC with a 1GHz Intel or AMD processor with support for SSE2 and 512MB of RAM\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To play Standard Definition video from the iTunes Store, an Intel Pentium D or faster processor, 512MB of RAM, and a DirectX 9.0-compatible video card is required.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To play 720p HD video, an iTunes LP, or iTunes Extras, a 2.0GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor, 1GB of RAM, and an Intel GMA X3000, ATI Radeon X1300, or NVIDIA GeForce 6150 or better is required. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To play 1080p HD video, a 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor, 2GB of RAM, and an Intel GMA X4500HD; ATI Radeon HD 2400; NVIDIA GeForce 8300 GS or better is required.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Screen resolution of 1024x768 or greater; 1280x800 or greater is required to play an iTunes\'a0LP or iTunes\'a0Extras\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}16-bit sound card and speakers\
\'95  Internet connection to use Apple Music, the iTunes Store, and iTunes Extras\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}iTunes-compatible CD or DVD recorder to create audio CDs, MP3 CDs, or back-up CDs or DVDs. Songs from the Apple Music catalog cannot be burned to a CD\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Software:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx735\tx941\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li971\fi-252\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Windows 7 or later\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}64-bit editions of Windows require the iTunes 64-bit installer; for more information, visit www.itunes.com/download\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}400MB of available disk space\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Some third-party visualizers may no longer be compatible with this version of iTunes. Please contact the developer for an updated visualizer that is compatible with iTunes 12.1 or later\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Apple Music, iTunes Store, and iTunes Match availability may vary by country\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Apple Music trial requires sign up and is available for new members only. Membership automatically renews after trial\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 A note about copyright
\fs28 \
This software may be used to reproduce materials. It is licensed to you only for reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials for which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. If you are uncertain about your right to copy any material, contact your legal advisor.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \'a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, and iTunes are trademarks of Apple Inc. Other names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple in the U.S. and elsewhere. Intel is a trademark of Intel Corp. in the U.S. and other countries. See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/legal/trademark/appletmlist.html"}}{\fldrslt www.apple.com/legal/trademark/appletmlist.html}} for more information.\
\
Updated January 15, 2019
\fs28 \
}